Allow for extra data (#639)
metatensor/metatrain: docs/src/getting-started/custom_dataset_conf.rst

In the next tutorials we explain and show how to set some advanced global training
parameters.

Datasets requiring additional data
----------------------------------
Some targets require additional data to be passed to the loss function for training.
For example, training a model to predict the polarization for extended systems under
periodic boundary conditions might require the quantum of polarization to be provided
for each system in the dataset.

``metatrain`` supports passing additional data in the ``options.yaml`` file.
For example, if you want to train a polarization model, you can add the following
section to your ``options.yaml`` file:

.. code-block:: yaml

    training_set:
        systems:
            read_from: dataset_0.xyz
            length_unit: angstrom
        targets:
            mtt::polarization:
                read_from: polarization.mts
        extra_data:

>             ext::polarization_quantum:

Reviewer: `ext::` might mean many things, including `external`, I'm wondering if `extra::` or `mtt::extra::` might be better

Reviewer 2: Any of the two is fine by me. Maybe `extra::`, since it's shorter

>             extra::polarization_quantum:

Reviewer 3: Why does this need an `extra::` prefix? The target needs it because it is not yet a standard output (https://docs.metatensor.org/metatomic/latest/outputs/index.html), but here I don't see a reason to make it more verbose.

                read_from: polarization_quantum.mts

.. warning::

>    While the ``extra_data`` section can always be present, it can be used only with
>    some loss functions. If the loss function does not support the extra data, it will
>    be ignored. You might have to implement a custom loss function to use the extra data.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   While the ``extra_data`` section can always be present, it will typically be ignored
   unless using specific loss functions. If the loss function you picked does not
   support the extra data, it will be ignored.
```
